CanastaCPP/log.md, before:

# Canasta In C Plus Plus Log

## Sep 8, 2022:
- Read and tried to understand the cansata game rules, beanchmarks and other guidelines ( 1.5 hours ).

Total: 1.5 hours

## Sep 9, 2022:
- Played multiple games of online canasta from the web to understand and analyse the game.
	Used the site https://www.cardzmania.com/games/Canasta to campare how its and ours rules 
	differ ( 1 hour and 30 minutes ).

- Read the rubric that was uploaded to the course site and tried to understand it ( 30 minutes ).

- Started a rough draft of class design for the project. Finished the rough draft of card, and 
	deck classes ( 45 minutes ).

Total: 2 hours and 45 minutes

## Sep 10, 2022:
- Drafted a rough design for hand class (30 minutes).

- Drafted a rough class design for player, human, and computer classes ( 1 hour and 15 minutes ).

- Drafted a rough design for round, and game classes ( 1 hour ).

Total: 2 hours and 45 minutes

## Sep 11, 2022:
- Cleaned the rough designed while cross checking with the guidelines ( 1 hour and 30 minutes ).

- Played a games of online canasta from https://www.cardzmania.com/games/Canasta to analysis 
	how my class design would fit in the game ( 30 minutes ).

- Created a Visual studio project and started to code the game and the round classes.

Total: 2 hours and 45 minutes

Commit message:

Populated the card class and tested it.

CanastaCPP/log.md, after:

# Canasta In C Plus Plus Log

## Sep 8, 2022:
- Read and tried to understand the cansata game rules, beanchmarks and other guidelines ( 1.5 hours ).

###### Total: 1.5 hours

## Sep 9, 2022:
- Played multiple games of online canasta from the web to understand and analyse the game.
	Used the site https://www.cardzmania.com/games/Canasta to campare how its and ours rules 
	differ ( 1 hour and 30 minutes ).

- Read the rubric that was uploaded to the course site and tried to understand it ( 30 minutes ).

- Started a rough draft of class design for the project. Finished the rough draft of card, and 
	deck classes ( 45 minutes ).

###### Total: 2 hours and 45 minutes

## Sep 10, 2022:
- Drafted a rough design for hand class (30 minutes).

- Drafted a rough class design for player, human, and computer classes ( 1 hour and 15 minutes ).

- Drafted a rough design for round, and game classes ( 1 hour ).

###### Total: 2 hours and 45 minutes

## Sep 11, 2022:
- Cleaned the rough designed while cross checking with the guidelines ( 1 hour and 30 minutes ).

- Played a games of online canasta from https://www.cardzmania.com/games/Canasta to analysis 
	how my class design would fit in the game ( 30 minutes ).

- Created a Visual studio project, started to code the game and set up source control. Created 
	the canasta class and the round class then populated them with funciton declaration and member 
	variables while following the class designs. Also created a class files with class declaration 
	for player class, card class, and deck class so that the program compiles (45 minutes).

- Created a enum class called ENUM_CardType to indicate the different card type in a deck ( 15 minutes ).

- Populated the card class with its member variables and member funciton. Tested the class. ( 1 hour )

###### Total: 4 hours

## Sep 12, 2022:

- Changed the Card class constructor to accept only two parameter because the point for the card 
	and the type of the card depend on the rank and suit of the card ( 30 minutes ).

###### Total: 4 hours
